add loki multitenancy and data management picture (#93)
giantswarm/rfc: multi-tenancy-observability/README.md

## Current situation

### Loki and multi-tenancy

We will use Loki as an example, but the logic is the same with other Grafana Labs tools (Mimir, Tempo, Pyroscope...).

Here is how Loki works with multi-tenancy and manages data:
<img src="./assets/loki-multitenancy.png" width="500" alt="How Loki manages multi-tenancy">

These are our constraints with Loki:
* write path can only specify 1 tenant
* read path can ask for multiple tenants
* the list of tenants must be exact (no wildcards, regex or "all" magic words)
* data is written in a separate path per tenant

> We already added the "GiantSwarm Multi-tenancy Layer" (AKA "Multi-Tenant Proxy"). This is the place where we can add/modify the `orgid` header, and we will discuss it further down in this document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We already added the "Giant Swarm Multi-tenancy Layer" (AKA "Grafana Multi-Tenant Proxy"). This is the place where we can add/modify the `orgid` header, and we will discuss it further down in this document.
```
